# ChatGPT trivia App

This is a react app that was build using code only generated by ChatGPT.

_The following was written by asking ChatGPT for a ReadMe:_

# Quiz App

A fun and interactive quiz app built with React. This app features multiple question sets, intuitive navigation, instant feedback, and a score display.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Randomly selects one of five question sets each time the quiz is started or reset.
- Intuitive navigation buttons to move between questions.
- Instant feedback after answering a question, displaying the correct answer if the user's choice was incorrect.
- Highlights the user's selected answer and disables the other choices once a question has been answered.
- Displays the user's score throughout the quiz.
- Allows the user to restart the quiz after completion.

## Installation

To set up this app on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/quiz-app.git
```

2. Move into the project directory:

```bash
cd quiz-app
```

3. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

4. Start the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

The app should now be running at `http://localhost:3000`.

## Usage

1. Start the quiz by clicking the "Start Quiz" button on the home screen.
2. Answer the questions by clicking on the answer options. The correct answer will be highlighted in green, while the incorrect answer will be highlighted in red if selected.
3. Navigate through the questions using the "Previous" and "Next" buttons.
4. After answering all questions, the "Restart Quiz" button will appear, allowing you to reset the quiz and start a new round with a different set of questions.

## License

This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).


_End of ChatGPT readme_

# create-react-app


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).